I am Chen Hao's fiancee
Are you really going to marry such a trash?
Trash, he is ten thousand stronger than a stubborn and cool guy like you
I believe his future is promising
I'm afraid you don't know yet, right?
Zhang Jiali is because he is a waste
I cuckolded him
Following Mrs. Lin
A toad is a toad
Will never be on the table
You will always be
Do you really think I don't exist?
I thought Miss Ye was protecting you
I dare not touch you, right?
You wait for me.
Your young master
Did you arrange that feng shui master?
What do you mean?
Your time is coming.
If you want to live, ask me to pretend
You wait for me
Sooner or later I will kill you
Hey Chen Hao, wait a minute
Is there anything else, miss?
Are you angry?
Then why did you
You don't have any feelings for me